Nini, you're awake
This is a hospital.
Don't be afraid of my child
The doctor has checked
Our table is fine.
We are here
It was a cloud birthmark
Did you go to the Langping Club on June 25th?
Right?
You still want to hide it from me
Still want to run
The only surveillance has restored you
You're the one I've been looking for
Don't hurt the child
I will definitely be responsible for you and the child.
But that day
I heard you in the hallway saying you were going to get rid of us
I was at that time
The person who didn't know at that time was you
I wanted to give a sum of money at that time, but I couldn't get it.
I know he is yours.
I will make it up to you with my life
You like me
Those who still like that night
If it's just because of that night
How responsible are you?
What are you thinking?
Did you say everything before in vain?
Whoever you are
No matter who the baby is in the womb
All I like is you
Only you
Jiang Yining
Mr. Gu
primary school
Is that how it's going?
The murderer is dead outside the wall
Please investigate the virtual driving school
Little dead you know
Then it all loses
It was Ling Xiaoxiao Dingtian
I was in a hurry to leave that night
But left his resume behind
Although he did a lot of bad things
But we grew up together.
I'm still a little sad
With Lin Xiaoxiao's ability
He shouldn't be that capable
And a bunch of mixed bones
Orchestrating a kidnapping
I think the mastermind must be someone else
You mean Xiao Xiao is being used by others?
Yunting, you must find out the truth!
Don't worry, promise.
Start today.
I won't let you get hurt any more
Is grandma okay?
granddaughter-in-law old lady
Why are you here?